Good morning, family. Thank you for
joining us again tonight. We really
appreciate it. We're just reading
this book, "In Him,"by Brother
Kenneth
E.
Hagin.
Dad Hagin always had the
nuggets. I just go over and over
all these books. She got a whole bunch
more this week.
Well, thank you for joining me today,
Diana.
Yes,
I wanted to go over some things, but
I was going to have you see what
questions they asked. You can look at
it. Do you have any questions? You know,
I never really just open it up with
questions, but I'll go over some of the
things we talked about this last
prayer session. I took the time to
really pray over what the Lord has
been showing me because of the
persecution that was brought with it.
And the Lord said, "Braden, I told
you you were called to say the hard
things, and the ones that say they
really like you, there'll be times when
they turn against you because of what I
have you say."And he went over and
he was talking about
the prophet talking to David. The
prophet
Nathan
went and told David something very hard.
But David was loved amongst the people.
Everybody loved David. David was the
man. But nobody knew what was going on
behind closed doors.
When the men were out to war, David
was at home looking at naked women on
the balcony, messing around and doing
things. But it wasn't a popular thing.
But Nathan pulled David aside privately
and said, "This is what the Lord has to
say to
you."And
sometimes, out of what I
believe the Lord gives me, are these
words
of warning, words of affirmation,
words of
correction
that are not always easy to give. But
Nathan did it, and it wasn't the easy
thing to do because David was popular.
David was loved. But nobody knew what
was going on behind David's door when no
one was looking.
And sometimes we can see
people. I'm not accusing anybody of
anything. I only hear in
part, I see in part. And sometimes
whenever a voice like mine speaks
against somebody that is very pretty
with
pretty eyes and you say this is
what's coming and storms and things like
that, people get really ticked off at
you because you touch their pets, the
things that are important to them.
But the Lord is saying, "I have this
to say regardless."Then I say, just like
Saul, Saul was a bad man, was killing
Christians and was wrong, was awful, and
the prophet didn't even want to go and
pray for him after he went blind. He
was
scared for his life.
But the Lord said, "Go and pray for him
and I'll restore his sight."It wasn't an
easy thing. But he spoke and said, "This
is what God said."But Paul, that was
Saul, turned around and was one of the
greatest voices of the Bible. And
so, you know, it's not always easy. And
like I tell you all, I see Candace and I
saw all these things.
I don't know what she stands for. I do
not watch her program.
I personally see darkness.
But the Lord said that he had a plan for
her life. And I want you to speak this
in and make it public that I have a plan
for her to go before a major door.
And I've prayed over what I've told
you all immensely.
I'm talking more prayer over this than
I've prayed over a lot of things because
of how heavy the word was
and what I had said publicly. And I take
this very
seriously
that I speak and I see
and I deliver words accurately and
they're not in the flesh. Regardless of how
it's liked or how it's disliked, I am
not working for you. I'm working for Him
and I'm sold out to Him. And it's
just like when I went to that pastor
before and I said, "Sir, if you don't
repent and change, your whole church
is going down within a couple
months."Not
knowing that he was committing
adultery on his wife the whole time.
He
lost everything and the building and the
church doesn't even exist now. And it
was a $20 million
building.
$20 million. And it was paid off. He lost
the congregation, lost it all.
I've given some real dandy
words where I thought they were going to
egg me on my way out of the building,
but I've given them and I was bold. I've
done it three times to three ministers,
and each one of them has fallen
with adultery.
Every single one of them. And every
single one of them, the Lord said, "I'm
warning you to change.
I want you to repent and change and come
back to my heart."And every one of them
was
accurate,
and I know His voice. So when I warn you
about the things I'm warning you about,
just pray about it if you don't believe
it because I can miss it. We're all
human. I'm not trying to justify and say,
"Well, Brandon's always right."I'm not
always right. I'm just as human as
all of you are. But I just keep
seeking His face. So if I say the
Lord wants to use Candace in the future
with maybe a Senate position or
something huge in government, then we
need to pray for her because that means
His hand is on her to do something. Does
she stand against the Jews? From what I
understand, yes. I don't agree
that I stand with the Jews
wholeheartedly. I pray for the Jews. I
pray for the peace of Jerusalem. Do I
stand with the government of Israel all
the time? No, I don't. Just like I
don't stand with our government, but I
still pray for them. Do I like what
the Democrats do when Joe Biden's in
power or Obama? No. When Obama won the
second term, I wept myself to sleep.
I'll never forget when Mitt Romney lost
and I was sitting there going, "What are we
going into for another four
years?"When
people were rejoicing, going, "Oh, four
more years,"they were so excited and I was
like, "Oh God, our country is coming to
an end."But God had His hand on it and
brought us through,
and we still prayed for him.
But even in the midst of me
telling you what I saw about Candace,
God can turn a Saul into a Paul.
Did I say that right? Yes.
Sometimes I go, "You got a
filter? What is it?"But the
Lord showed me what He showed me. But is
it
the rabbit hole? And I'll say this and
close with this because we got to move
on. Is the rabbit hole that He said
don't keep going down because it
will cost you your life? Is it your life
of what He's wanting to do or is it
physically? Some things are metaphors.
Stop looking down the rabbit hole. I
have more for you to do. Don't keep
going down these conspiracies.
Don't keep going down this stuff. I have
more for you to do behind another door.
It will cost you your future.
So, is this a warning of life and
death or is this a warning about a career?
That's for her to decide. That's
not my business. I just deliver the
word. But then people go, "Well, are you
threatening? What is that
saying?"I
don't know, folks. I just
deliver the word. But I know that the
Lord said He had more for her to do
according to what the Lord is saying.
You know what? He sees the heart of the
individual and He sees that
there's potential there to do something
major for Him and be a mouthpiece for
Him. Do I agree with everything she
says? I don't even know what the woman
says.
So, I have to say that I want to make
that very clear, but Brandon Biggs
just delivers the hard things and it's
not always easy standing on this side of
the camera,
and I appreciate your
prayers. If you don't agree with what I
say, pray for me. Please pray for me
because I'm just as human as you
are. And in that, I ask you to give me
grace whenever I give a word across a
camera that is very hard for me to even
give. It takes a lot of courage to stand
on this side and tell that there's going
to be another Watergate and that JD
Vance is going to be at the helm of it.
It's not easy to say that. The Lord said
it hasn't happened yet, but there's
coming a day when JD Vance
will—this
would be very bad. And you must
pray for this nation because
if this would happen, it would
derail something very bad.
Something very bad would happen. And the
Lord said, "You must pray for his heart,
for he's not who he says he is in the
future."Now,
what would happen? Just
like we saw Amy Coney
Barrett,
we all thought she was great and it was
going to be awesome. But as she goes,
the bitterness and the hardness of the
position makes you change.
If you're not word-based
and you are not rooted and
grounded in love, power and
responsibility change you because your
character wasn't there to handle it. To
whom
much is given, much is required.
And if JD Vance got to be president,
I saw a different man. What changes a
man is pressure,
but it was always there. It's like
people say money ruins a man. No, the
man was already ruined before he got the
money. The money just magnified who he
was.
Does that make sense what I'm
saying? It's not the money; it's
the character of the man already. So
that's what I'm trying to tell you all:
I'm seeing these things. And then I
saw, and then I heard, a Monica
Lewinsky-Marilyn
Monroe scandal,
and then I heard "before a
storm"and
all these things. So, I just wanted
to try to
put this to rest to help you all.
I know God has his hand on every
single one of us and that if he can
use me, he can use Candace.
You all don't remember; nobody even
knows me. But I want to say this: I may
not have a huge platform
like some of these people have,
but I want to ask you this
for the people who really got upset at
me about Erica: If she was 350 lbs with
a shaved head, would you still support
her like you do?
I mean, it's a hard question, but if she
was 350 pounds
and she'd come on
there—some
husbands get murdered all the
time—but
a lot of times we gravitate towards
the beautiful, and because it's
beautiful, it's perfect.
But does it make it perfect? It just makes
it human. But if she was a really good
person on the inside, 350 pounds with a
shaved head, would you still like her?
It shows the body of Christ is
blinded by stupid stuff. In my
opinion, just because someone's pretty
doesn't make them always good. Just
because they're fat doesn't make them
bad.
You must follow with discernment of the
spirit and be led by the spirit instead
of by what you see with your carnal view.
You're too moved by your eyes, ladies
and gentlemen. There's a lot of you that
do not have discernment at all. You must
pray more
and seek his face
more.
It's time to come up higher. And I'm not
saying she's a bad person; I don't
know her either. But it's
amazing to me how quickly the body of
Christ is a bandwagon person. And they
go down the road of the pretty person,
of the celebrity, of this, of
that. And if you keep being led by your
emotions and by your eyes, your eyes
will deceive you in the days ahead. The
Antichrist will look really polished and
beautiful, and many people will follow
him like that.
He may look great and he'll have a
great feeling, but how many people will
surrender themselves to him just
because he has a shiny thing?
Don't follow the shiny thing just
because they're beautiful, just because
their eyes are pretty. Just because they
might be a supermodel, I don't care what
they look like.
It's the heart of a man that I'm
interested in, or the heart of a woman.
Let's seek them. And you say, "Well, I
see the
heart."Do
you? I question you.
Do you see the heart? Well, yes, they
cry on the stage and they say all these
wonderful things. I don't care what you
say; an actor says a lot, too. I love
some good movies,
but because they play the role
doesn't mean they're always right. And
you go, "Well, I saw Jim Caviezel and
boy, he sure looked like Jesus in that
movie,"but
I don't know Jim Caviezel
outside
of that set. But if I would walk
up to him and go, "There's
Jesus,"that
ain't Jesus.
I try to paint a picture for you with
words to make it more
relatable because there's so many of you
all that are blinded by so much,
and the blind are leading
the blind.
And the more we get in these end times,
if you're not rooted in the word of
God and have a backbone like a crowbar,
you're going to be swayed by a lot of
stuff.
The dark's going to get darker and the
light is going to get lighter.
You must find Jesus for yourself, not
for something that's popular and
trending.
David again was popular and trending,
but he was sleeping with Bathsheba and her
husband was off to war. And when he
didn't come home and lay down with her
and get her pregnant to cover up David's
sin, he was murdered.
David thought he was doing right in his
eyes by covering it up and trying to
protect the platform,
but David was wrong as all could be, and
his baby died because of it.
Do you know it's not always easy to be
the one that gives the word?
Not saying I'm trying to say Erica is a
bad person; I don't know her.
But you have to be smarter than this,
folks.
So, do they have any questions?
And then I'll go on to Venezuela.
I'm just saying mic drop.
Mic drop is what somebody said.
I prayed over this a lot.
Somebody say anything we can pray for
you to support you better.
Any
cure for the plague? There will
be no cure for the plague.
The only cure is Psalm 91 and
Psalm
23. That's why he keeps telling
you, you must know your authority for
what's coming. They made it this way on
purpose. And it will be
intermingled
with AI technology for high blood
pressure, diabetic medicine, and
cholesterol—things
like that. And it
will be made so that it's spliced
somehow
with major pharmaceutical drugs for a
genocide from obesity.
As the Lord has warned me so many
times about my weight, genocide of
obesity, that was the main plague. And
the Lord said, "Watch it for people
who are on medicine for
it."And
that's what the Lord said. And as I
said, I'm not trying to call you to
fear; I'm trying to call you to prayer.
And as I have studied today,
getting back
vertical, because it's so easy to go
horizontal on this and be worried about
what everybody thinks or emails. You
wouldn't believe the inundation of
things. But as I sought the Father,
I found him
and I listened to his heart, and he said,
"I'm pleased with you for
delivering the hard
things."And
I told you as it goes, the days
ahead, they will be proven to be
accurate. Just stand where I've told you
to stand
and deliver the words that I've told you
to deliver even when they're not popular
with man. I told you to pray for
Erica, pray for Candace.
Do I think that it has to do
with everything that Candace is saying?
Heavens, no. Do I feel like she's off in
some things?
Yes, major red flags.
After I
hear some of these videos, I go, "Caution,
there's some things here."But the Lord
said it's going down the rabbit hole,
but not all things down the rabbit hole.
A conspiracy is a conspiracy. Whatever
she's
saying, there's facts to some
of it.
There's something to Charlie's death.
Pray for that to be uncovered. There's
more to it than just some transgender
guy shooting somebody.
There's more to this. And the Lord said,
"You must not just look at it like this.
Step away from the trees, ladies and
gentlemen. You're too close.
You're in the forest, but you don't
see."And
the Lord said, "There's more
to this concerning this man's
death."And
people say, "Well, Brandon, I
believe it just has to do with the
transgender."No,
it's deeper.
There's something deeper.
And the Lord said it's not for me to
go down the rabbit hole. I don't
care. My focus and my task is to keep
telling you what's coming. I don't have
time to go down the rabbit hole.
I know there's
corruption in our government. Something very bad would happen. And the Lord said, "You must pray for his heart, for he's not who he says he is in the future."Now, what would happen? Just like we saw Amy Coney Barrett, we all thought she was great and it was going to be awesome. But as she goes, the bitterness and the hardness of the position makes you change. If you're not word-based and you are not rooted and grounded in love, power and responsibility change you because your character wasn't there to handle it. To whom much is given, much is required. And if JD Vance got to be president, I saw a different man. What changes a man is pressure, but it was always there. It's like people say money ruins a man. No, the man was already ruined before he got the money. The money just magnified who he was. Does that make sense what I'm saying? It's not the money; it's the character of the man already. So that's what I'm trying to tell you all: I'm seeing these things. And then I saw, and then I heard, a Monica Lewinsky-Marilyn Monroe scandal, and then I heard "before a storm"and all these things. So, I just wanted to try to put this to rest to help you all. I know God has his hand on every single one of us and that if he can use me, he can use Candace. You all don't remember; nobody even knows me. But I want to say this: I may not have a huge platform like some of these people have, but I want to ask you this for the people who really got upset at me about Erica: If she was 350 lbs with a shaved head, would you still support her like you do? I mean, it's a hard question, but if she was 350 pounds and she'd come on there—some husbands get murdered all the time—but a lot of times we gravitate towards the beautiful, and because it's beautiful, it's perfect. But does it make it perfect? It just makes it human. But if she was a really good person on the inside, 350 pounds with a shaved head, would you still like her? It shows the body of Christ is blinded by stupid stuff. In my opinion, just because someone's pretty doesn't make them always good. Just because they're fat doesn't make them bad. You must follow with discernment of the spirit and be led by the spirit instead of by what you see with your carnal view. You're too moved by your eyes, ladies and gentlemen. There's a lot of you that do not have discernment at all. You must pray more and seek his face more. It's time to come up higher. And I'm not saying she's a bad person; I don't know her either. But it's amazing to me how quickly the body of Christ is a bandwagon person. And they go down the road of the pretty person, of the celebrity, of this, of that. And if you keep being led by your emotions and by your eyes, your eyes will deceive you in the days ahead. The Antichrist will look really polished and beautiful, and many people will follow him like that. He may look great and he'll have a great feeling, but how many people will surrender themselves to him just because he has a shiny thing? Don't follow the shiny thing just because they're beautiful, just because their eyes are pretty. Just because they might be a supermodel, I don't care what they look like. It's the heart of a man that I'm interested in, or the heart of a woman. Let's seek them. And you say, "Well, I see the heart."Do you? I question you. Do you see the heart? Well, yes, they cry on the stage and they say all these wonderful things. I don't care what you say; an actor says a lot, too. I love some good movies, but because they play the role doesn't mean they're always right. And you
go, "Well, I saw Jim Caviezel and boy, he sure looked like Jesus in that movie,"but I don't know Jim Caviezel outside of that set. But if I would walk up to him and go, "There's Jesus,"that ain't Jesus. I try to paint a picture for you with words to make it more relatable because there's so many of you all that are blinded by so much, and the blind are leading the blind. And the more we get in these end times, if you're not rooted in the word of God and have a backbone like a crowbar, you're going to be swayed by a lot of stuff. The dark's going to get darker and the light is going to get lighter. You must find Jesus for yourself, not for something that's popular and trending. David again was popular and trending, but he was sleeping with Bathsheba and her husband was off to war. And when he didn't come home and lay down with her and get her pregnant to cover up David's sin, he was murdered. David thought he was doing right in his eyes by covering it up and trying to protect the platform, but David was wrong as all could be, and his baby died because of it. Do you know it's not always easy to be the one that gives the word? Not saying I'm trying to say Erica is a bad person; I don't know her. But you have to be smarter than this, folks. So, do they have any questions? And then I'll go on to Venezuela. I'm just saying mic drop. Mic drop is what somebody said. I prayed over this a lot. Somebody say anything we can pray for you to support you better. Any cure for the plague? There will be no cure for the plague. The only cure is Psalm 91 and Psalm 23. That's why he keeps telling you, you must know your authority for what's coming. They made it this way on purpose. And it will be intermingled with AI technology for high blood pressure, diabetic medicine, and cholesterol—things like that. And it will be made so that it's spliced somehow with major pharmaceutical drugs for a genocide from obesity. As the Lord has warned me so many times about my weight, genocide of obesity, that was the main plague. And the Lord said, "Watch it for people who are on medicine for it."And that's what the Lord said. And as I said, I'm not trying to call you to fear; I'm trying to call you to prayer. And as I have studied today, getting back vertical, because it's so easy to go horizontal on this and be worried about what everybody thinks or emails. You wouldn't believe the inundation of
things. But as I sought the Father, I found him and I listened to his heart, and he said, "I'm pleased with you for delivering the hard things."And I told you as it goes, the days ahead, they will be proven to be accurate. Just stand where I've told you to stand
and deliver the words that I've told you to deliver even when they're not popular with man. I told you to pray for Erica, pray for Candace. Do I think that it has to do with everything that Candace is saying? Heavens, no. Do I feel like she's off in some
things? Yes, major red flags. After I hear some of these videos, I go, "Caution, there's some things here."But the Lord said it's going down the rabbit hole, but
not all things down the rabbit hole. A conspiracy is a conspiracy. Whatever she's saying, there's facts to some of it. There's something to Charlie's death. Pray for that
to be uncovered. There's more to it than just some transgender guy shooting somebody. There's more to this. And the Lord said, "You must not just look at it
like this. Step away from the trees, ladies and gentlemen. You're too close. You're in the forest, but you don't see."And the Lord said, "There's more to this
concerning
this
man's
death."And
people say, "Well, Brandon, I believe
it just has to do
with the
transgender."No,
it's deeper.
There's
something deeper.
And
the Lord said it's
not for me to go down the rabbit hole. I don't care. My focus and my task is to keep
telling
you
what's
coming.
I
don't have time to
go
down
the rabbit
hole.
I
know
there's
corruption
in
our
government.
Was it ready, baby?
You're a good boy, Braden.
He's awesome.
Look,
everybody loves Braden.
Yeah.
Do they see it?
That's happening in Mexico today.
Does everybody know that was going on
today?
They're upset about their government.
Are
there any more clips?
Show me another one.
Is that the only one?
Well, they're
revolting
against their government, and
from
what I understand, they're
protesting and rioting and acting crazy
down there.
But that's what's happening right now in
Mexico. Did anybody know that?
And this is what I saw was corruption in
their—you
probably shouldn't play any
more of that. You don't want to get your
video flagged.
But you see what's going on in
Mexico today. And as we are praying and
we're interceding for the nations, this
is the seriousness of the hour. This is
why I'm trying to tell you all about
Venezuela and the uprising of
sending in the military to
overthrow the Venezuelan government. And
the Lord showed me revival starting to
break out. I saw a lot of people getting
born again. I saw there was a lot of
witchcraft in Venezuela. Can anybody
confirm that? I don't know. But I saw a
blackness, a haze upon the nation with a
lot of occultic activity. And the
Lord said he was bringing revival to
Venezuela,
that they have not been forgotten, that
there will be a major revival in
Venezuela, and it will go through South
America. And South America will have an
amazing move of God just like everybody
else will. Most people, because
we don't talk about it, think
it
was always about
America, but
God is going to visit Asia. God is going
to visit South America. God is going to
visit Africa. And you see all this
turmoil and all this uprising right now.
And the Lord is showing me just because
you see all this, we're about to have a
major breakthrough. We're about to have
a major turnaround, and you're about to
see a major revival with all these
people breaking out and getting upset
and all this stuff going on. Get
ready for the church to arise in these
areas
and see a supernatural harvest for
the kingdom of God. We must believe for
this. That's why the Lord told me,
'I called you. We're here to pray
and to pray for the
nations.'I
saw the Cold War getting colder and I
saw Venezuela and Cuba and these nations
all coming together to bring forth a
greater, stronger BRICS. They would
be offered a position,
while
the United States
was
basically trying to put their finger in
it, saying, 'No, you're not going to do
this,'because
the dollar has to
remain king.
It was just
very serious. So, we see this is what
I'm trying to tell y'all. But we're
going to have a major move of God in
America. We will have a major move of
God in these nations, in Mexico. And
yeah, we have corrupt politicians.
Yes, we see all these things. But I'm
telling you, there's a lot of good
people in these nations that just want a
move of God, that are hungry and
desperate and thirsty for a touch from
Jesus.
And that's why I'm trying to tell you,
the Lord said, 'I'm going to
visit and shake the Catholic
Church.'Why?
There's 1.4 billion Catholics.
And there are a lot of people—like we
had a young man, 11 years old, born and
raised Catholic.
He helps the priest with the
sacraments. He
gave his heart to Jesus Christ on
the channel this week, yesterday
or the day before. And his mother emailed
us. She was so excited that her
11-year-old son said the
sinner's prayer, but he's a volunteer at
the Catholic church and is very
involved there. She said he gave his
heart to Jesus Christ watching your
channel, 11 years old. And that's why we
do this. I wept. I told D,
she shared a picture of him and
showed this little boy and
how
he gave his heart to Jesus Christ
this week. And that's why we do this.
It's for the little boy.
We know that God is going to visit the
youth in the Catholic church.
That God is going to shake and
he's going to awaken a major move of God
in the Catholic community.
And the same thing is what he said, 'I'm
going to visit and I'm going to fix some
false doctrine in the Mormon
church.'And
he said, 'There's a lot of false
doctrine, but I'm going to visit.'I saw
Jesus himself showing up to people in
the Jehovah's Witness and Mormon faith. I know
it's probably two different things, but I
saw this: that there would be a move of
God and that there would be a breaking
off of the church and that they would
split from it and start teaching the way
they should about Jesus,
versus the way the Mormon
church is. I saw a splitting in the
Mormon
church. And
the Lord said, 'There's a major
revival going to take place in the
Mormon church, Brandon. There's a lot of
good people there that are just deceived
in their doctrine, and I'm going to
visit this church, and I'm going to set
these people free.
They've been taught wrong.'And he said,
'Brandon, I'm going to visit them.
There's a lot of good
people.'Most
people go, 'Well, you know, no,'but I
heard the spirit of the Lord. And he
said, 'I'm going to visit and
there's going to be revival and there'll
be a splitting.'The church
will be split.
Some people will just keep going with
the same old doctrine, but there'll be
many that split off and go the other
way. And it's the right way. But
there'll be a major revival even in the
Mormon church in these last days. He
said, 'Brandon, I wish that none should
perish but all come to
repentance.'He
said, 'I'm going to even visit the
satanic church. Brandon, I don't even
want the highest occultist
witches and warlocks to go to hell,
Brandon. Do you understand? I died for
every single one of them not to go to hell.'I
was
like, 'Man, they serve the devil.
They deserve to go to hell.'But he
said, 'I don't want that any man should
perish.'And
I thought, 'Lord, you even love the
Satanists
with all your heart. You love
them all. You look past all that they do
and blasphemy against you, all the
darkness they do to sacrifice and
afflict the church and try to bring
things down.'He said, 'I love them all.
Pray for a revival even in the
demonic. Pray for revival in the satanic
church. Pray for revival, Brandon, that
they would get born again.
They're just
blinded.'Satan
has blinded the eyes of the
unbelievers.
But Jesus Christ loves even the darkest
devil
worshiper.
Jesus Christ loves even the deepest,
darkest satanic priest. Jesus Christ
loves them.
And he doesn't want that any man should
perish.
Hell was not created
for a devil
worshiper.
Hell was not created for a Muslim. Hell
was not created for an unbeliever. Hell
was not created for a Buddhist. Hell was
created for the devil and his demons.
We're all God's children. And he wants
every one of us to repent and come to
the saving knowledge of Jesus Christ.
Unless a man is born again, unless you
know Jesus Christ is your Lord and
personal Savior, you will not enter into
the kingdom of God.
No other religion, no other faith will
get you to heaven other than the Lord
Jesus Christ.
Jesus Christ is the only way to heaven.
You must know this. Unless you confess
Jesus Christ, you'll never make it.
I don't care what false doctrine
somebody's told you. I don't care what
kind of religion you think you can go
by. Well, if you go by
martyrdom,
you'll get 90 virgins or whatever they
say. There is no other way to the Father
other than the Lord Jesus Christ.
Muhammad can't save you. Buddha can't
save you. Joseph
Smith—it
doesn't matter, they all know who I'm
talking about—he can't save you. The
prophets can't save you. I don't care
who. The only way to heaven
is the Lord Jesus Christ.
You must know him
and he must know you.
I know there's a lot of people that
believe there's more than one way to get
to heaven, but
you're wrong. That's a doctrine of
demons.
Jesus Christ is the only way.
You must know Jesus today.
I tell you all this because we're
running out of time.
As I hear, the Cold War is getting
colder.
This next war will be even worse, and I saw a
red button in a briefcase being flipped
open. I believe that was
probably the nuclear codes and the
nuclear
football. I
saw a thing with the red button and the
Lord said, 'Oh,
they'll want to push it in the days
ahead.'Do
you understand? They want to
escalate this thing to
bring in the
Mahdi.
Everything is getting aligned for the
Antichrist.
We're just so close to him stepping on
the scene. We're so close to seeing the
Antichrist step on the scene, to see the
third temple be rebuilt, to see the
chip come into play, to have a
one-world
order with a one-world currency, a
everything. We're so close to
seeing this. If the next plague comes
out like I've seen
it—and
I've seen it—I believe it
is at
the end of 2027 going
into 2028.
If that timeframe pans out and that
virus comes out in this
timeframe,
it'll be around December of 2027.
The end of November into December
of 2027 is what I'm praying over right
now.
And if that virus comes out at that
timeframe,
December of 2027,
that's the timeframe I've been seeing.
It is a major, major plague. It will usher
in a change because they say money is
not—you
can't touch money. Money is tainted.
We need to have a
digital platform. You can't touch this
currency because the virus is
on that money.
You
can't touch coins.
We've
got to eliminate the spread. So, they
have a digital ID, and I said they'll
roll it out with your cell phone. I've
already told you the next phase. This
will become mandatory to purchase, or buy
or sell, or do anything. You'll have to
have a cell phone to go to the store and
have them scan it because cash will be done
away with.
It's coming.
I warn you. Are you a frog
in a pot and the water's boiling around
you? You don't even realize it. How
close is Jesus Christ to
coming?
All this other stuff is a distraction.
But the main focus you should be focused
on is: do you know the Lord Jesus Christ?
Not what's going on on social media.
Not what's happening with
this YouTuber or that YouTuber or what's
happening with this ministry or
what's happening in your life
because no other ministry, no other
revelation,
no other YouTube channel is
going to get you there. Do you know
Jesus for yourself? That's what you have
to ask yourself.
If you were to die today, you're not
going to stand with Erica or with
Candace or anybody else. Who are you
going to stand with? It is just you.
Not me, not Diana, not Braden, but you
will stand before the Father and give an
account for everything that you've done
on this earth. And he'll say, 'Did I
know you?'or 'Depart from me; I never knew
you.'No
other prophetic ministry, no prayer
channel, no nothing can get you there
other than you knowing Jesus Christ for
yourself.
And it's coming to a point in time right
now where it's going to start to
escalate to a point where you're not even
going to recognize things with signs in
the heavens, signs in the earth,
genetically
modified food, genetically modified
life. We've got senators talking on
Fox News. They said they'll
genetically create whatever you want in
a lab. And I said they'll
splice your DNA and they'll make a
perfect baby and it'll be called, instead
of Build-A-Bear, you'll build a baby and
you'll be able to have all these
genetically perfect people. And I said it
is
like what Hitler did when
you've
got to create the perfect
human race.
I said it is the same ideology of
Hitler. And I said certain nations
will grab a hold of this and run with
this. And they'll take the semen
and the egg, they'll combine it, make it
in a tube, and then grow it. And if it
doesn't look like what you want it to,
and it's not what you ordered, they
abort it right there and kill the life.
I said this is what's coming. This is
'as in the days of Noah, so will it
be.'Do
you understand? It's the same kind of
thinking. It's the same sick perversion.
But Jesus warned us this stuff was
coming.
I'm telling you, things are escalating
at a rocket ship speed. It's
happening every day. Look at the
riots. Look at all the stuff. Why?
Because the Son of Man is coming. Jesus
Christ is coming. We're being ushered
in, ready to go into the Great
Tribulation, ladies and gentlemen.
But that's why I try to tell you every
single time I come on here and give you
an opportunity
to ask you, 'Do you know Jesus Christ as
your Lord and personal
Savior?'You're
running out of time.
No man is promised tomorrow. No woman is
promised tomorrow. Unless a man
is born again, unless a woman is born
again, you cannot enter into the Kingdom
of God.
And these things that are happening on
the news are happening so quickly and
it's so disturbing what's being talked
about. It's like, 'Is this real?'But
it is
real.
The morals and the corruption
of man's thinking, the escalation of
things is happening so rapidly, so
quickly. But you're running out
of time. That's why I keep telling you,
we're about to see things that you never
dreamed you would see.
Before we start praying tonight in
what I always call go tubing,
I have to ask you if you're here: do you
know my friend Jesus?
Not all the other things that I've
talked about matter other than this one
thing.
If you're here tonight and you've never
accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord and
personal savior, you must know my
friend, and he must know you. You must
repent and turn from your wicked ways.
This will be what gets you to escape the
wrath to come. I truly believe
knowing Jesus Christ as your Lord and
personal savior is your
ticket.
Nothing else will save you. Your grandma
can't save you. Your mom, no preacher
can save you. Only you confessing him
and believing with your heart.
For
with the heart, confession is made unto
salvation. And I've heard it many
millions of times: there's a heaven to
gain and a hell to shun. But either way,
you're making a choice. Even if
you don't make a choice, you think,
'Well, I'm not making a choice.'No, you
just made a choice.
You made the wrong choice if you didn't
accept Jesus. So, I want to ask you: do
you know him?
And if you would like to know him, I
want to say a little prayer with you. I
want you to become bold about what you
stand for. Get a backbone like a
crowbar. Don't be a wimp and stand
up for what you believe in tonight. And
I want you to become radical in your
faith for Jesus, in your decision. And
tell us in the comment section right
now, 'I want to be
saved.'Don't
be a chicken. Don't be a
wimp, but be bold about your decision
just as much as Christ was bold about
dying for you.
He died for you so that you don't have to
go to hell. He died for you so that you
don't have to have poverty or sickness
and disease. He wants to be your Lord
and Savior.
But he's a gentleman and he'll
never force his way in on you.
It's only by grace are you saved through
faith. And it's by saying, 'Lord, I need
you.
I need you. Lord, I need a relationship
with you.
I repent.'So, I'm going to say the
prayer right now. And if you're here and
you've never accepted Jesus, tonight's
your night. I'm going to say this
prayer and it's a quick, easy prayer
and we'll go right on. But I
cannot go on with prayer not knowing if
you know Jesus and you're just here
spectating. The prophets can't save you. I don't care who. The only way to heaven is the Lord Jesus Christ. You must know him and he must know you. I know there's a lot of people that believe there's more than one way to get to heaven, but you're wrong. That's a doctrine of demons. Jesus Christ is the only way. You must know Jesus today. I tell you all this because we're running out of time. As I hear, the Cold War is getting colder. This next war will be even
worse, and I saw a red button in a briefcase being flipped open. I believe that was probably the nuclear codes and the nuclear football. I saw a thing with the red button and the Lord said, 'Oh, they'll want to push it in the days ahead.'Do you understand? They want to escalate this thing to bring in the Mahdi. Everything is getting aligned for the Antichrist. We're just
so close to him stepping on the scene. We're so close to seeing the Antichrist step on the scene, to see the third temple be rebuilt, to see the chip come into play, to have a one-world order with a one-world currency, a one-world everything. We're so close to seeing this. If the next plague comes out like I've seen it—and I've seen it—I believe it is at the end of 2027 going into 2028. If that timeframe pans out and that virus comes out in this timeframe, it'll be around December of 2027. The end of November into December of 2027 is what I'm praying over right now. And if that virus comes out at that timeframe, December of 2027, that's the timeframe I've been seeing. It is a major, major plague. It will usher in a change because they say money is not—you can't touch money. Money is tainted. We need to have a digital platform. You can't touch this currency because the virus is on that money. You can't touch coins. We've got to eliminate the spread. So, they have a digital ID, and I said they'll roll it out with your cell phone. I've already told you the next phase. This will become mandatory to purchase, or buy or sell, or do anything. You'll have to have a cell phone to go to the store and have them scan it because cash will be done away with. It's coming. I warn you. Are you a frog in a pot and the water's boiling around you? You don't even realize it. How close is Jesus Christ to coming? All this other stuff is a distraction. But the main focus you should be focused on is: do you know the Lord Jesus Christ? Not what's going on on social media. Not what's happening with this YouTuber or that YouTuber or what's happening with this ministry or what's happening in your life because no other ministry, no other revelation, no other YouTube channel is going to get you there. Do you know Jesus for yourself? That's what you have to ask yourself. If you were to die today, you're not going to stand with Erica or with Candace or anybody else. Who are you going to stand with? It is just you. Not me, not Diana, not Braden, but you will stand before the Father and give an account for everything that you've done on this earth. And he'll say, 'Did I know you?'or 'Depart from me; I never knew you.'No other prophetic ministry, no prayer channel, no nothing can get you there other than you knowing Jesus Christ for yourself. And it's coming to a point in time right now where it's going to start to escalate to a point where you're not even going to recognize things with signs in the heavens, signs in the earth, genetically modified food, genetically modified life. We've got senators talking on Fox News. They said they'll genetically create whatever you want in a lab. And I said they'll splice your DNA and they'll make a perfect baby and it'll be called, instead of Build-A-Bear, you'll build a baby and you'll be able to have all these genetically perfect people. And I said it is like what Hitler did when you've got to create the perfect human race. I said it is the same ideology of Hitler. And I said certain nations will grab a hold of this and run with this. And they'll take the semen and the egg, they'll combine it, make it in a tube, and then grow it. And if it doesn't look like what you want it to, and it's not what you ordered, they abort it right there and kill the life. I said this is what's coming. This is 'as in the days of Noah, so will it be.'Do you understand? It's the same kind of thinking. It's the same sick perversion. But Jesus warned us this stuff was coming. I'm telling you, things are escalating at a rocket ship speed. It's happening every day. Look at the riots. Look at all the stuff. Why? Because the Son of Man is coming. Jesus Christ is coming. We're being ushered in, ready to go into the Great Tribulation, ladies and gentlemen. But that's why I try to tell you every single time I come on here and give you an opportunity to ask you, 'Do you know Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior?'You're running out of time. No man is promised tomorrow. No woman is promised tomorrow. Unless a man is born again, unless a woman is born again, you cannot enter into the Kingdom of God. And these things that are happening on the news are happening so quickly and it's so disturbing what's being talked about. It's like, 'Is this real?'But it is real. The morals and the corruption of man's thinking, the escalation of things is happening so rapidly, so quickly. But you're running out of time. That's why I keep telling you, we're about to see things that you never dreamed you would see. Before we start praying tonight in what I always call go tubing, I have to ask you if you're here: do you know my friend Jesus? Not all the other things that I've talked about matter other than this one thing. If you're here tonight and you've never accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior, you must know my friend, and he must know you. You must repent and turn from your wicked ways. This will be what gets you to escape the wrath to come. I truly believe knowing Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior is your ticket. Nothing else will save you. Your grandma can't save you. Your mom, no preacher can save you. Only you confessing him and believing with your heart. For with the heart, confession is made unto salvation. And I've heard it many millions of times: there's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun. But either way, you're making a choice. Even if you don't make a choice, you think, 'Well, I'm not making a choice.'No, you just made a choice. You made the wrong choice if you didn't accept Jesus. So, I want to ask you: do you know him? And if you would like to know him, I want to say a little prayer with you. I want you to become bold about what you stand for. Get a backbone like a crowbar. Don't be a wimp and stand up for what you believe in tonight. And I want you to become radical in your faith for Jesus, in your decision. And tell us in the comment section right now, 'I want to be saved.'Don't be a chicken. Don't be a wimp, but be bold about your decision just as much as Christ was bold about dying for you. He died for you so that you don't have to go to hell. He died for you so that you don't have to have poverty or sickness and disease. He wants to be your Lord and Savior. But he's a gentleman and he'll never force his way in on you. It's only by grace are you saved through faith. And it's by saying, 'Lord, I need you. I need you. Lord, I need a relationship with you. I repent.'So, I'm going to say the prayer right now.
And
if you're here and
you've never accepted
Jesus, tonight's your night. I'm going to say
this
prayer
and
it's a quick, easy
prayer and we'll go right on. But
I
cannot
go on
with
prayer
not
knowing
if
you
know
Jesus
and
you're
just
here
spectating.
We're not worried about
how much we have. We just know that
you're the God of multiplication.
And I believe that whatsoever a man
sows,
that will he also reap. And we thank
you, Lord, that as tithers and
givers, we believe that you said
you'll give unto us good measure,
pressed down, shaken together, and
running over, Father, that we lack no
good thing. We cover our sin in the
blood, Lord. We cover our lives in the
blood. And we thank you, Father, for the
blood right now in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Father, that we hear
you and a
stranger's voice will not follow,
uninterrupted and unhindered by any
satanic or demonic force. Father, I
thank you that you speak through my
vocal cords and think through my mind.
None of me and all of you,
in
Jesus'name.
I thank you, Lord, that I don't
get snared by anything and I hear you,
God. And if there's anything you want to
show us tonight as we pray, Father,
we're there. If not, that's fine. We
don't seek the visions.
We don't seek the gift. We
seek the giver of the gift.
We never have ever sought visions. We
seek the giver. We seek you.
We don't seek that,
Father; that would be bad. But we
seek you, Father.
For Father, you said that you would
inhabit the praises of your people, and
you give us the desires of our heart.
And our desire is to be more like you
and to fall more in love with my friend
because he is my friend.
Thank you, Lord.
We don't seek the gift.
We don't seek visions. We don't seek the
prophetic. We seek Jesus.
We don't seek healings. We don't seek
prosperity. We seek Jesus.
We seek you, Lord.
Father, in all that we do,
in word and in deed, we give all to the
glory of God.
In
all that we say and all that we do,
we give all to the glory of God. And we
take the blood right now in the name of
Jesus.
Thank you, Lord.
It's relationship,
and we want relationship with you. I
want a God that I can talk to. I want
him to be real to me. And
when you get real with God, God
will become real to you.
So much fakeness, so much thee and
thou, and so much hermeneutical and
theosophical debating.
He never said, 'I wanted you
to be adults.'He said, 'Come unto me
like
children.'So
many people try to come
spiritual. 'Well, I got a PhD
and a masters and all this other
stuff, and
I'm telling you, I know the word
and I am just like the
Pharisees up in here.'But he's just
going, 'Well, I ask you to be like a
little kid.'It's good to educate
yourself. It's good to have
a knowledge of the word, but come
to him as a child because your education
and all that you think you know is
really nothing.
He's looking at you going, 'Your
education's a joke to me. I'm glad you
just studied to show yourself approved,
but really you just need to lower
your pride level down and know that you
are
just coming in here with your
pampers on still before the
Father.'Come
before the Father with your pampers
on. I just need daddy. Please fix this.
I got a mess up in here that only you
can fix. Lord, my life is a mess
without you. Father,
I need you, Jesus.
All have sinned and come short of the
glory of God. I don't care how much they
try to put on a religious
front.
All have sinned and have
come short of the glory of God. It's
only by his grace that you're able to
stay in that throne. Thank you, Lord,
for the grace that Jesus paid the
price for me to walk in victory over all
of this. It's only by grace Jesus paid
the price for me.
And we confess it and we get rid of it
and we keep walking with it. Thank you
for your grace. Thank you for your
mercy. Thank you, Father, for your
relationship.
I receive it. I am the righteousness of
God in Christ Jesus.
As he is, so am I in
this world.
It's all washed in the blood. Thank you,
Lord, for the blood. Thank you, Lord,
for redeeming me. Thank you, Lord, for
setting me free.
Christ paid the price of the broken law.
He paid the price for me.
I'm not under
the curse. Jesus has set me free. For
sickness, I have health. For poverty,
wealth, for Christ has ransomed
me.
He said, 'Not with one spot, one blemish
or blot.'His blood was shed for me.
Thank you, Lord, that Jesus Christ paid
the price
for me.
And Lord, we thank you that we're
able to enter in boldly by your blood,
by your grace, by your mercy right now.
We yield
ourselves
over to you.
Open the eyes of our heart, Lord.
Open the eyes of
our
heart.
I want to see you.
We worship you tonight, Lord. We worship
you.
We magnify your name
in all the earth.
We glorify
your name
in all the earth.
Holy Spirit,
we love
you.
We praise you. We
adore
you.
We glorify
your name in all the earth.
Lord, we praise you.
We worship you, for you are good and your
mercy endures forever.
Great is your faithfulness to us,
O
God.
The anointing is so strong, I don't know
where to take it.
I see the sun. I see the sun as the moon.
Nothing in this life can survive without
the sun.
Nothing. As it is in the natural, so it
is in the spiritual.
Nothing can survive without the sun.
Every living thing
needs a sun. You understand? Like life,
it
brings
life.
Every living thing, we all need the
sun.
Every one of us, boy or girl, it
doesn't
matter. We all need this Jesus.
I
see
the sun, and the sun
was making all the flowers and
everything grow as he was passing by.
Everything
is looking at the sun. The flowers,
they all point toward the sun.
The trees grow toward the light.
We grow toward
the light.
But the Lord is bringing forth
a new rain
to make things grow,
for we all just need a new drink. We
cry unto thee,
O
Lord.
We cry each day. We cry out to you each
day.
His desire for you is to come up
underneath the greater flow
of Him
and
the greater
manifestations of the glory on you.
There's much more for you as
you go up and you know your authority.
You must know your authority.
But as of this night,
see, it's time for you to come
up and see the glorious way that I have
for thee.
Partake
and stay.
He
wants you to come and
stay.
Stay open,
for the greater days of the glory are
upon you.
For many have lost their way,
but as of this day, they're finding
their
way—going
back to the first love,
going back to what you had before.
You will see
'church
unusual.'If
you will operate in what I've
called you to
do—He's
calling the church to operate as
one, as it was in the book of Acts.
They were of one sound and one accord.
They become one sound and one accord
when you move as one,
flowing with the Son, flowing in
the greater gift, flowing in this way
each and every single
day; there's nothing that you
won't
accomplish.
When we pray and obey
each and every single day, praying
and obeying
what the Spirit of the Lord
tells
you to do,
coming up higher in the fire.
Out of that belly shall
flow the rivers of living water, flowing
with the Holy Ghost and power.
There's nothing you can't do. The
greater works you will do
as you go unto the
Father. You are sitting
at
His feet,
beneath
that throne. Oh
God, thank You. I'm just Your son, I'm
just Your daughter. We're so hungry
and
thirsty; we just want to know
You more. We want to have revelation
knowledge of who You are. Thank You,
Lord, that according to Ephesians,
the eyes of our understanding
would be enlightened. Father, I thank
You that the enlightenment of my
eyes allows me to know who I am in
Christ. I know my authority. I know that
I walk in abundance and the
fruit of the Spirit. I'm walking in love,
for
faith
works by love. Love never fails. Love
takes no account of a suffered wrong.
Love bears up under anything and
everything.
The
foundation is
love—that's
1 Corinthians 13.
For You are the Most High;
may You be glorified.
We glorify You, O God. We
magnify the King of kings and the
Lord of lords. For Father,
You said, 'If I be lifted up, I'll
draw all men unto me.'Well, it's time to
get out the bigger nets. We call
in the unsaved
from the
north, south, east, and west,
drawing them in in the name of Jesus. We
call in the greatest harvest of souls
this world has ever seen. Father,
I thank You that it would be
groundbreaking.
We call in a more than
five-billion-soul
harvest.
We're
calling them all in right
now, believing for big. You said, 'I wish that none should perish.'We call them in right now.
We
command
Satan
to release them right now. We call the
eyes of their understanding to be
enlightened
and
flooded with light. We call for the
blinders to come off their eyes, for
Satan has blinded the eyes of the
unbeliever. We say their eyes are open
and full of light. We call
for
the salt to draw them
in. Father,
we won't lose our saltiness; we're salty for Jesus. For it is the salt that causes man to thirst, and we
are the salt of the earth. We thank You, Lord, that we won't lose our saltiness and
that people
see the glory on us. Let
every cell, every
fiber, everything about us
display the
glory of God so that when people see us,
they see Jesus.
Everything that is holding us back or
blocking
us from
being in the greater glory, Father, I
thank You that You remove it.
Thank You, Lord, that we're coming up
higher with the fire,
for
the manifested
presence of the glory of God,
healings, and demonstrations
of the glory.
Thank
You, Father, that we're always in the
right place at the right time. We give
You all the glory,
honor, and praise.
Father, you said
there's going to be a shaking to awaken
in the body of Christ.
I
thank You, Lord, that
there's a rising up of new Davids
who
have a backbone like a
crowbar.
They rise up and do
what You've called them to do with great
power and authority.
We don't shrink back; we
keep pressing.
Father,
I thank You that we
have authenticity in the body of
Christ—that
people are authentic
and
we get rid of this
fakeness. A
shaking
in the church, Father, that we see
authentic believers
who
practice what they preach. They act
the
way they need to act behind closed doors.
If they
mess
up, they repent and
turn before they burn.
Get radical for Jesus.
You can
mess up and have a bad moment, but
that
doesn't mean you're a bad person. You
just don't
live in the moment.
You keep on keeping on,
seeking Him daily, Lord, and You said
we'd find You.
Knock and the door will be opened. Father,
we seek You.
We call for revival in Living Word and
in these churches represented
all around. We call
for
protection over President Trump
and
revival in the White House. We call
for
revival in South Korea,
North Korea,
China, and the underground church. We
call for revival in
Iran. We say in the name of
Jesus, the persecution in
Nigeria stops. Father, I thank You
that the body of Christ rises up and the
genocide stops in the name of Jesus.
That the angels of the Lord would
manifest and make war against it.
That they would stand in there
and say, 'There
are
more who are with us than there are
with them. There
are
more who are with us than there
are with them.'And I thank you that you,
the God who has never changed,
the God who is still the same,
the same yesterday, today, and forever, warred
on
behalf of the
people of the Bible, and he will war
on
behalf of the people of this world right
now in Nigeria. Our brothers and sisters
who
are being slaughtered, I thank you,
Lord, that it stops.
I put a hedge, Father, with angelic aid
and assistance all around them. Angelic
aid and assistance all around the people
of Nigeria. Angelic aid and assistance
in the name of Jesus. We call angelic
aid and assistance in the name of Jesus
over the people of Nigeria
and over Africa, wherever else
this is happening, that the angels of the
Lord, twelve-foot-tall angels with massive
swords,
are seen, and they go, 'We've got to get
out of here!'and they are
scared spitless. They will come out
against us one way and flee before us
seven ways.
This stops,
and
the people of Nigeria are
protected. Father, I thank you, Lord,
that we see a turnaround. As of this
day, we see a turnaround, and great
revival breaks out in Nigeria. We call
revival to break out all over Africa in
the name of Jesus, from the top to the
bottom, all around the sides. We call a
major revival over the continent of
Africa in the name of Jesus, for a major
move of God is coming to the continent
of Africa in the name of Jesus. We call
a major move of God in the name of
Jesus over South America,
Australia, Asia,
Japan, South Korea, North Korea,
Taiwan, and Vietnam.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the
major harvest of souls is coming over
these nations in the name of Jesus; that
a great shaking to awaken will manifest
and shake the governments, shake the
parliaments, shake the
prime ministers, the governors, and all
the people who are in authority. We
call a great move of God over these
nations in the name of Jesus, and that
the greatest outpouring of the Spirit of
God would be upon us in the name of
Jesus with the greatest harvest of souls
in the name of Jesus. We're calling them
in. We're calling them in in the name of
Jesus, that every one of them will get
born again. We call a shaking. We call a
shaking in the nations. We call a
shaking and revival. We call revival a
stirring in our hearts, a stirring of
the lackadaisical. We call a stirring in
them in the name of Jesus. All over
Australia, we call a stirring in them,
a
stirring in them with great sounds
of new worship, great sounds of new
praise flowing out of our churches like
we've never heard before. A great move
of God in the name of Jesus. We're
calling it in. We're calling it in in
Jesus'name.
Oh, come on, Father, that
you would visit us one more time,
one more major harvest time. We
call a major move of God in the name of
Jesus. Thank you, Lord. I know you've
not forgotten us. Father, you said you'd
never leave us and you'd never forsake
us.
We become bolder about who we are.
Revival starts with us.
Revival starts with you and me. Revival
starts in our churches.
He's looking; he's
waiting on us. What would we do with it?
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you stir
in the people
whatever it takes, that we have a
'whatever it takes'in these last days.
We protect the
unborn.
We stand for the innocent. We stand
for the unborn, the aborted babies. We
stand for the innocent and the innocent
lives
that are being aborted by the
hundreds of thousands. We stand for the
innocent life, Lord, and we call forth,
for the blood cries out from the ground.
Their blood cries out,
Father.
We call for change.
The innocent cry out. Their blood cries
out. Father,
oh God, for all the
babies that have been
aborted,
for the genetic modifications and
the mutant things that they're trying to
do. Father, I thank you, Lord, that
you're stirring.
There's a stirring. There's a repentance,
for they're trying to become you, God,
and mess with even how a baby is made.
There should be judgment concerning
these things, Lord. This is dark.
This is dark. They should not be
trying to create things that are
perfect, but you called each and every
single one of us perfect.
We're all fearfully and wonderfully made
without some kind of computer trying to
make us like mutants.
You called every single one of us
fearfully and wonderfully made. Doesn't
matter if you're fat, skinny, or tall;
Jesus paid the price for us all.
Father, there is no such thing as a
perfect human being other than the Lord
Jesus Christ. He was the only one
perfect, and there's not going to be any
kind of lab-grown baby that's perfect.
The only one who was perfect was Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you put
a kink in their hose. You put a kink in
the plans
that this will not happen. Father, I
thank you, Lord.
I thank you, Lord, for shaking the
nations for child trafficking, for all
the things in the Epstein list, whatever
is involved in the Epstein list. Father,
I thank you that you bring it to light,
that this stops, that they'll not
traffic children anymore. That
the littlest innocent girls and boys
who
are being trafficked by
the hundreds, if not thousands, tens of
thousands from Europe all the way
around. Father, I thank you, Lord, that
this nonsense stops. You told me a
new venereal disease would come, and it
would be so painful it would make them
eunuchs.
I thank you, Lord, that that
manifests,
that they will not be able to touch
these children anymore.
You said, 'Touch not the children.
Touch them not.'Better for you never
to have been born than to attach a
millstone around your neck and be thrown to
the bottom of the ocean. Do not touch
the children.
We call, Father, a hedge of protection
around them, that like it says in Hosea,
there
be a hedge of thorns
placed around them,
that the evil hand
touches them not.
That the evil
hand, the unclean hand,
touches them not.
Like it says in Hosea, the unclean
hand will touch them not.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for a hedge
around and about the children.
Father, in our cities, in our towns,
on the countryside, we have a major
revival. brush arbor churches are
starting up in the name of Jesus. We
will see on this Sunday, even today, we
call turnaround. We call a turnaround.
'What's wrong,
love?''Oh,
no. I was just checking
that
verse.''Oh,
it's in... I believe it's in Hosea.
Or 1 John says, "But he that
is begotten of God keepeth himself, and the
wicked one toucheth him
not."Yeah.
But the unclean hand... I
remember Billy Burke quoting Hosea
about the hedge of thorns
and the unclean
hand.'Thank
you, Father. We give you praise
and we give you glory
that you're stirring in the churches.
You're stirring in the pews. You're
stirring in the congregations,
Father, around this nation.
You stir in
them, Lord, for this
is
one last call, one last push for the
greatest harvest of souls this world has
ever seen before.
We give you praise and give you glory
and give you honor for it.
We call for the people who are not
able to have children to have children,
that we be fruitful, multiply, and
replenish the earth. We thank you, Lord,
that their wombs are open. Father,
they're healthy in body. All the mamas,
all the daddies, they are healthy
in
body. Father, we call healing and
wholeness and wellness over every person
that's represented here tonight. Father,
whether they're dealing with sickness of
the mind or sickness of the body, we
call them healed and whole and delivered
in the mighty name of Jesus, that they're
no longer bound by depression, anxiety,
fear, or the torment of worry.
Father, we cast down every high
imagination that exalts itself above the
word of God.
According to 2 Timothy 1, God
has not given us a spirit of fear, but
of power and of love and of a sound
mind.
We thank you, Lord, that every person
represented here tonight has a
sound mind. No PTSD, no bipolar
disorders, no depression, no
schizophrenia—none
of these
things. These are the works of the
devil. We thank you, Lord, that Christ
has redeemed us, healed us, and
made us whole. We call
deliverance over our bodies in the name
of Jesus. Father, this is the
temple of the Holy Ghost, and we will
walk in divine health from thyroid
disorders. We call thyroid disorders
healed and whole and well in the name of
Jesus. Hashimoto's,
all kinds of things with the
thyroid, we call healed and whole and
well.
What is
it, Hodgkin's?
What is that?
I don't know, I just heard that.
Hodgkin's.
Okay. Well, we call that
healed.
I stand with you. Call it out if you
hear it. That's good.
Hodgkin's.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that even
Parkinson's
and
all things neurological,
we call healed and whole and well in the
name of Jesus. Tonight is the night
of a great breakthrough of the healing
touch of Jesus Christ. If Jesus Christ
paid the price for it, why are we taking
a hold of it? He paid the price. I'm
not taking a package from the
devil and saying, "Well, he delivered it
on my door via FedEx."I'm not taking a
package from FedEx from the devil. I
resist the package. I tell you,
return to sender. Go back to where you
came from. You're not coming in this
house. I don't want your package from
the
devil.
Return to Sender, and you're
going back to the devil that you came
from. I'm not allowing you to come in my
house. You're not going to plague me
with sickness,
disease,
fear,
torment,
depression, anxiety, high
blood pressure, or high blood sugar. You're
not going to put any cancer on
me. You're not putting any prostate
problems or ovary
problems, whatever it may be. We call
healing and wholeness and wellness in
the name of Jesus. You either believe it
or you don't. I say you're not
putting that package in my
house.
That's what he does: he takes a big old
dump and puts it there and
says,
"Here, accept this"with the UPS man.
You ain't doing that for me. That's not
my gift. That's not my package. You take
that back. Return to
sender.
He does it every day—takes a big old
demonic dump and tries to deliver it to
your house. You ain't pooping on my
porch. Get out of here with your fear,
worry, anxiety,
depression, PTSD,
all your glaucoma,
and
all your thyroid stuff, whatever it may
be. I say in the name of Jesus,
I submit myself therefore unto God. I
resist the devil and he will flee as in
terror.
I believe, Father, I receive it in the
name of Jesus.
I will not allow him to cast fear
thoughts. I will not allow him to say,
"Well, you're not going to
live."No,
with long life He said He
would satisfy me and show
me His salvation.
Either you believe it or you don't.
I feel like that's good tonight.
We made great strides calling for
revival. Every prayer experience is
different. I feel the anointing was
calling it in. I didn't see but a
couple of little things there.
You don't have to see to flow with the
Holy Ghost. I could hear it.
He
more than likely doesn't show visions
with most, but that
doesn't mean
you don't pray. You keep praying,
saying, believing, and
hearing.
Not everybody's going to see,
but everybody will hear. The Bible says
His sheep will know His voice and a
stranger's voice we will not follow.
Every born-again Christian has the
ability to hear the Father. Some may
never see visions
or
things, but
we all have the ability to hear Him.
The word of God is Him
speaking to me.
I believe when you
read the word of God, He is the
word, and as you read that word it
becomes manifest in your life.
Faith cometh
by hearing and hearing by the word of
God. You must read your Bible,
pray, and seek Him daily
to
stay attached to the vine.
You can get that little book, "In
Him"by
Kenneth
Hagin.
It's a good one. I want
her to finish reading that to me
tonight.
We love you. Could you please do us
a favor before we close? If you're
new here, please like, subscribe, click
the notification bell, and the thumbs
up button. Do everything you can to help
us with the algorithm. Help us get this
gospel spread throughout the whole
world. We believe that Jesus Christ is
coming and it takes many of us to get
the job done
by
spreading this message. We put it on X
and
all kinds of
platforms
trying to get new things going.
It's a lot of work, but we're so
grateful. Braden is so thankful.
He is a good boy; he works hard.
Braden is awesome.
He's such a blessing;
everybody loves Braden.
He's a funny kid.
Look at the
chat—look
at all
the
love.
I said one day he'll find a
girlfriend,
a good Holy Ghost woman
who
speaks in tongues, loves
the Lord, and wants ministry because
Braden wants ministry.
I told him
he'll
find a good Holy Ghost woman
one day.
I tease him all the time. I sure love my
son.
Find a Holy Ghost woman that
cooks good, too.
Praise the Lord.
We're so grateful for every single one
of you. Thank you for
praying with us and being
part of this family. Every time
is different;
it's like going down
a
river.
Who wants a
cookie-cutter
Christianity?
Isn't that boring?
I want all the cookies to look
different.
Each one is a vital
part of the plate.
Thank God for the good cookies.
Did they have any questions? I
try to be open and real with
you. I have
nothing to hide.
I try really hard to be as
transparent as I can about what the Holy
Ghost has showed me.
We're praying over the nations
that a cold war does not
become colder or a major war
become greater.
We know there will be wars and rumors
of wars.
But I believe the greatest
revival this world has ever seen is
coming.
People say, "Brandon, you say
that all the time"because
you
keep speaking it, standing,
and
believing it. We are
speaking spirits, and we
are decreeing because our
mountain needs to hear our voice.
We're calling those things that be not
as though they were. We're believing
believers have authority, and we're
saying we're going to have revival and
see healings
and manifestations of
God's glory on this last generation
in the name of Jesus.
The breakthrough is here. Amen. The
breakthrough is here.
Yep.
Flaming Hot Cheetos
is here again.
I see Flaming Hot Cheetos again.
I don't know why
they like the Cheetos.
Thank you for coming. You're such a
strong supporter, always supporting us
and praying with us. We love
you.
Flamin'Hot
Cheetos likes Cheetos,
I bet. Do they like Cheetos? Do you like
Flamin'Hot
Cheetos? Diana, when she was
pregnant with Braden, I believe it was,
she ate bags of those things.
Or was it
the
beef jerky?
No, was it the fries?
Oh, I think those hot fries.
Yeah.
You used to eat those little Andy Capp's hot
fries. We would go to the vending machine and
you said, 'I just got to have them,
Brandon. I just got to have
them.'So
I'd go and get you and I'd pull up in
there and we'd find a vending machine
that had those. And then we found them
at Sam's. And you said, 'I've got to
have those.'And I said, I tried a bag.
I said, 'How do you eat this? It makes
my stomach
burn.'Braden,
do you like hot Cheetos now?
Yeah.
Well, I didn't know because you liked them
when you were a baby in the
womb.
I mean, I guess it depends on how
hot it is, but yeah, I like it.
I remember whenever you were in there.
She doesn't eat them now, which is weird
because during the whole time she ate
them all the time. That and pickles and
I'd
be like, she goes, 'I want a big
old jar of pickles, Brandon.'I would go
in there and get one of those dill pickles
that were massive from the movie
theater. And she'd just be sitting
there gnawing on it. And I was like,
'Oh babe, that's
great.'It's
so good.
Put peanut butter on it? You want
some?
Oh, yeah. Peanut butter.
Pregnancy hormone tastes like
peanut butter.
You go, 'Wow.'You know?
I ate lots of peanut butter crackers.
Peanut butter crackers and beef jerky.
It's
funny. I don't know where that
came
from, but
those were the days a long time ago.
Every kid has different cravings.
Well, somebody, I'm believing God
because there was a lady saying she's
believing she's going to have a baby by
this time, a July baby. You'll
have a Fourth of July baby. Well, when
we prayed, it would have been August. It
would be August babies.
August
is still...
you don't want them to come too early.
Vine
will not cast her fruit before the time.
No,
August is perfect. It's
a hot month.
You'll be excited to get that baby. I'll
be like, 'I'm hot. I got to get out of
here.
I want some air
conditioning.'Laying
in the pool getting
your D3 in.
This is a time whenever the Lord
spoke to me about getting our D3
levels up, and every time we
do it, he said from November to March
he told us about taking all that
D3 and upping our levels,
maintaining it. He showed me the
connection between—and this is not
medical advice. I'm not telling you to
do it, okay? I'm not a medical doctor.
I'm just telling you what I
heard the Lord tell us.
It's just me talking. But it
was about the flu and sickness
and snot bugs, you know, when
you get viruses that were correlated
with low vitamin D3.
And
we were praying one
day and then he showed me the goji
berries and it was about the thumb. And
he said, 'Did you see that berry on that
mountain?'and
he said, 'Those juices.'He
was
talking about
goji berries.
Well, when that lady sent that
care package because I had all
the
congestion, for that wolfberries from...
she sent it through Amazon.
Yeah,
got an Amazon order of wolfberries. You
know, they're from what's that
drink?
The little package,
NingXia
Red.
I tell you what, that's some good
stuff. I
think that's how you say it.
She got me some more of it. I've
been drinking those, popping them like
Dr. Pepper. I've been
shooting those back. I'm telling you, I
love that NingXia Red stuff drinking that.
And it has really helped me. I
started getting another virus because Megan
got it off of some toys she touched at
Cracker Barrel. When we went to
Cracker Barrel, Megan went in there and
there were squishies in there
and she touched them and she got sick off of
it.
She loves those
squishies. Well,
Megan went in there and she got a
cold from touching those squishies from
Cracker Barrel from those kids
not washing their
hands and so she started giving
it to me again. So, I started taking two
and three of those NingXia
Red
a day. And I'm telling you what, that is
amazing stuff. I thought, well, I'm
going to start drinking more of those
all the time. I said, 'Diana, load me up.
Let's do those
things.'I
don't know, they're doing something.
Thank you to whoever sent that.
It might have been Young Living that she
sent.
Whatever it was,
whoever it was, thank you.
We don't eat food outside when people
send food and they want us to eat their
cookie or whatever they've baked.
We don't eat that. So, don't waste your
time and your postage sending that. If
you send me food and it's in a package
and it's coming from your house, I won't
eat it. I have threats against
me and I just cannot take the chance of
eating your food you cooked me and not
knowing who you are. You could be
the sweetest
person in the whole world, but I just
can't take a chance on it. And you
sending me stuff is a blessing. I
appreciate your heart, but if you send
me food, if you send me stuff straight
from your house and it's not from Amazon
or something, I will not touch it.
I just have too many people
that do not like me. And I'm just not
going to go, 'Oh, well, I trust that.
Let me eat that.'And then go,
'What happened to Brandon?'You know,
God said, 'Don't touch it. You did it
anyway.'I
believe God to
protect me, but I'm not
going to test the Lord thy God.
You're going to go out there and say,
'Well, we're going to
tempt
him.'No,
we're not going to do that.
So, we love you all. We really
truly do. We pray this video blessed you
and we will see you again.
We keep going
even with the drama from the
last one. I thought, boy, that was a lot
of drama. But we keep our head
held high
in him. I have to stay in him. And I
keep myself in him because all the other
people try to drag me in their
mess. They like
living in the gutter. I'm not living
there. You've got to keep on marching
like a soldier.
And people want to get you down in their
funk. And I'm like, I refuse to lay in
your mess.
There's a lot of sister clipboards out
there that just want to get all up in it
and say, 'I'm not getting in there with
you, sister clipboard.'You go on about
your clipboard self and have fun, but I
am not going in that ditch with you.
There's a lot of people
living in the ditch
with their sister clipboard self. It
really is. And I'm telling you, it's a
lot of the body of Christ. You
would be amazed. I go, 'Hey, we've got
to come up higher.
Jesus is
coming.'Clipboards
for Jesus?
Well, yeah, but don't even have a
clipboard. Just be free of the
clipboard, sister.
My
joke was bad.
Just get free of the clipboard, sister.
Help me slam dunk it.
Just throw the clipboard in
the trash. It's good. We don't need it.
Sister clipboard.
Well, what are you going to do with it?
She's the hall monitor up in here
going, 'You're late for
church, Clint.'And I'm like,
'No, no, no, no,
no.'I
had to go and buy Krispy Kreme on
the way. You got to give
me—no,
not anymore.
Jamba Juice.
You don't eat that.
Not anymore. I don't eat
Krispy
Kreme.
But
you've been doing good.
I've been doing great. Yes,
I'm proud of myself. I've been really
trying hard.
Even today, I didn't have
sweetener in my coffee. I was
like—but
you get a
taste for it and I thought, hey, you
know what is amazing? The Lord healed
me. I'm telling you, it's going to get
better and better.
Next thing you know, I said, "Look at
me. I'm going to be
light as a feather. I'll fly like a
butterfly, sting like a
bee."Oh,
you won today. Oh, you beat Alabama.
So, all those that are Crimson Tide,
Roll Tide. Sorry your tide didn't roll,
but the
Boomer Sooners showed up, had a good
game, and won by three or two. And I was
like, "Can you believe it? We actually
won."Our
Boomer Sooners showed up
today.
Boomer Sooners.
All right. Well, Paisley wants to say
good night, too.
"Hi,
everybody."She
said, "Hi, everybody.
God bless you all."Remember, put a smile
on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you and we love you. God
bless you all and we'll see you again
soon. Bye-bye.